IntroductionIn real life, I have a couple of business problems I want to solve with data science techniques, but due to the nature of the data, they are not suitable for sharing with fellow Coursera students and instructors. I would rather explore the new technology I learned in this Coursera-IBM course for fun. In particular, I was impressed by the Foursquare API readily available to programmers to explore venues around a specific set of latitude and longitude: not just New York and Toronto, there are full of neighborhood and venue data for Japan, translated into Japanese language. Being a domestic and worldwide traveler, I use guidebooks and consult a concierge at the hotels I stay: That’s OK for big cities and popular places and I have done enough of them. This time, I am thinking of how the new technology I just learned could offer new experience for not-so-popular places.	A particular area I have in mind is Hokkaido, the northern-most and the largest prefecture in Japan, which I haven’t explored much. There are guidebooks on major cities such as Sapporo and Otaru, but I would like to create my own for not-so-popular places in Hokkaido using geo-location data and the Foursquare API. I come to think of using post office location data, one hundred of which are available free of charge. Starting exploration from post offices is probably good because in sparse-populated prefecture there are at least inhabitants around post offices. This may lead to a new travel experience.	I understand I am a little digressing from the business-oriented assignment. But because in real life I have done enough of formal reporting as described in the course, I would rather do what I think no other person tried: It might lead to a new knowledge. In this exploratory endeavor, it may prove infeasible to do as I described above. In that case I will report what went wrong and take an alternative way.Audience: myself.Purpose: planning for the next casual trip to Hokkaido, Japan.(Hidden purpose: exploring new data and new technology)